It should be Cui Yan who was beaten by Cui Yan
How is that possible?
He is a celebrity in Xuancheng
That doesn't mean he's a real gentleman.
I'll tell you what.
Now domestic violence men are everywhere.
And why would he do that?
Well, I mean, why would he let his wife sue him?
I don't know yet.
But the only certainty is that there must be a giant gall hidden behind this
Let's go, let the patient rest, it will be fine
Ah!
You are the only one in our law firm, right?
It's better to put the client directly in the ICU
Tang Jian, let me see how you play this time
The director is not there yet. Can you be afraid of me? What do you mean?
Why don't I expect you to recover?
Okay, okay, I'm thinking about hospitalization first
I really don't blame Lawyer Tang for this.
Yes
Tell me about it.
Who is not bad for Tang Jian?
Is it my fault? It's my director who didn't take you well, right?
Director, it's not a big deal
It's like you're going to make headlines
What do you mean it's not much?
How big is big in your eyes
You're a lawyer?
You have to think about everything you say and do.
You don't understand that the difference is a thousand miles lost, right?
Anyway, I have already reported this to the boss.
I can't stay if anything happens
Can you read it, director?
The owner is not good.
Cuiyan, he's here, no matter how cheap he is
Are you going too far?